docs: fix link name to example TensorBoard (#1016)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/tensorboard.md

## Exploring TensorBoard models on the Hub

> Over 6,000 repositories have TensorBoard traces on the Hub. You can find them by filtering at the left of the [models page](https://huggingface.co/models?filter=tensorboard). As an example, if you go to the [aubmindlab/bert-base-arabertv02](https://huggingface.co/aubmindlab/bert-base-arabertv02) repository, there is a **Metrics** tab. If you select it, you'll view a TensorBoard instance.

Reviewer: Btw the 6k number is a bit outdated as we now have [52k+ public models](https://huggingface.co/models?library=tensorboard) with tensorboard traces

```suggestion
Over 50k repositories have TensorBoard traces on the Hub. You can find them by filtering at the left of the [models page](https://huggingface.co/models?filter=tensorboard). As an example, if you go to the [aubmindlab/bert-base-arabertv02](https://huggingface.co/aubmindlab/bert-base-arabertv02) repository, there is a **Metrics** tab. If you select it, you'll view a TensorBoard instance.
```
